[{'Title': "4th richest man Buffett says Tesla can't sell insurance, Musk responds", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'After world\'s fourth-richest person Warren Buffett claimed carmaker Tesla cannot sell insurance, Tesla\'s CEO Elon Musk responded with a series of tweets on Sunday. In his first tweet, Musk urged users to buy Tesla Model 3, claiming it\'s cheaper than a Honda Accord. "Also 1000 times more fun!" and "That\'s a direct quote from Warren Buffett," his next tweets read.'}, {'Title': 'Guj trader, who gifted cars to staff, to remove illegal road he built', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Gujarat-based diamond trader Savji Dholakia, who's known for gifting cars to his employees, has said he'll remove a 'kutcha' road built by him across the dry Narmada river to reach his farmhouse. This comes after government officials visited the spot on learning about the illegal structure. Meanwhile, Dholakia said his only intention was to enable people to reach the island."}, {'Title': "I'll never hesitate to fly on 737 MAX: Buffett on crashes killing 346", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'World\'s fourth-richest person, Warren Buffett, has said that he will "never hesitate even for a second to fly on a Boeing 737 MAX plane" which was involved in two crashes that claimed the lives of 346 people. He was responding to a question about damage to Boeing\'s reputation after the crashes. "Planes have never been so safe," Buffett added.'}, {'Title': 'AI sent ₹2cr to Nigeria instead of US firm, airline says probe on', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Air India's New York office transferred $300,000 (₹2 crore) to a bank account in Nigeria instead of remitting the sum to a US-based firm for supplying spare parts reportedly in 2017. The airline had failed to retrieve the amount from the account, reports claimed. Meanwhile, the airline's spokesperson claimed it was a case of cyber fraud and is being investigated."}, {'Title': "We can't ensure cheaper oil sales to India after Iran sanctions: US", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross on Monday said that his country cannot ensure the sale of oil to India at cheaper rates to compensate for the loss of Iranian oil. "Oil is owned by private people, so the government cannot force people to make concessionary prices," Ross said. The latest US sanctions barred India from importing oil from Iran.'}, {'Title': "Britannia broke rules by not reporting Wadia's arrest: InGovern", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Proxy advisory firm InGovern has alleged that Britannia Industries violated listing regulations by not reporting the arrest of its promoter and director Ness Wadia. It added that Wadia must step down in the interest of larger corporate governance. Wadia received a two-year suspended prison term for possessing drugs during a skiing holiday in March in Japan. '}, {'Title': "SpaceX's billionaire moon tourist says has no money, selling art", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Japanese billionaire Yusaku Maezawa, who was chosen as SpaceX\'s first private passenger to fly around the moon, said he plans to sell paintings worth millions of dollars. "Yes, I have no money. I spend it so quickly," he tweeted when asked about his finances. Maezawa, online fashion retailer Zozo\'s Founder, had made a large down payment for the moon flight.'}, {'Title': 'IndiGo talking to Airbus to buy yet-to-be-released A321 XLR jets', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'IndiGo is in talks with Airbus to add new planes including its long-distance A321neo LR and the yet-to-be-released A321 XLR. "When we order, we\'ll order in bulk for sure. I can\'t give you a tentative number, but it\'ll be large," CEO Ronojoy Dutta said. "We\'d like to be one of the biggest, largest, profitable airlines in the world," he added.'}, {'Title': 'Infosys makes Hyd staff pay for parking, activists call it illegal', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Activists in Hyderabad have claimed that Infosys deducting parking charges from employees' salary is illegal. Infosys charges ₹500 for four-wheelers and ₹250 for two-wheelers per month to park on the campus located in the Pocharam Special Economic Zone in city's outskirts. The management reportedly responded to employee complaints by saying the fee was being collected to maintain the parking lot."}, {'Title': 'Unsure on Galaxy Fold shipping, will cancel US pre-orders: Samsung', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Samsung on Tuesday said it cannot confirm the shipping dates for its $1,980 foldable device Galaxy Fold. It further apologised to US customers who had pre-booked the device, adding that their orders will automatically be cancelled if the device doesn't ship by May 31, unless informed otherwise. Samsung had delayed Fold after several issues with its screen were reported."}, {'Title': 'Apple features Warren Buffett in its 1st game since 2008', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Apple has featured the world's fourth-richest person, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett, in its first game since 2008. Apple released the 'Warren Buffett's Paper Wizard' game after CEO Tim Cook had recently jokingly suggested it in a short film in Berkshire Hathaway's annual meeting. Notably, Warren Buffett had worked as a paper delivery boy when he was 13 years old."}, {'Title': 'EaseMyTrip plans to raise up to ₹750 crore via IPO: Report', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Online travel website EaseMyTrip has reportedly engaged Axis Capital and JM Financial as merchant bankers for its proposed IPO, through which it plans to raise between ₹500 crore-₹750 crore. The final call on the issue size is yet to be taken, the report added. Founded in 2008, EaseMyTrip may reportedly become the first online travel aggregator to list in India.'}, {'Title': 'Infibeam terminates EY affiliated auditor citing data breach', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "E-commerce conglomerate Infibeam Avenues' board recommended terminating services of its auditor SRBC & Co, affiliated to Ernst & Young. Infibeam alleged that the auditor had shared its Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) with personal email accounts of their team and third party multiple times. However, the auditor refuted all allegations and said it is open to regulatory inspection."}, {'Title': 'PepsiCo India withdraws lawsuit against two Gujarat farmers', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'PepsiCo India withdrew its lawsuit against two farmers at Gujarat\'s Deesa on Monday, nearly a month after they were filed. The maker of Lay\'s chips had sued the brothers, over "issues around its seed protection" and sought ₹20 lakh in damages. Notably, the farmers are on the board of a Deesa-based potato chips company, Tirupati Balaji Chips Potato.'}, {'Title': 'US-China trade war would be bad for the whole world: Buffett', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'World\'s fourth-richest person Warren Buffett on Monday said a trade war between the US and China would be "bad for the whole world". His statement comes after US President Donald Trump tweeted that he will raise tariffs on $200 billion worth Chinese imports. Major stock markets fell worldwide following this, which Buffett said was a "rational" response to Trump\'s tweet.'}, {'Title': 'ICICI Bank classifies loans to Jet Airways as bad loans in Q4', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'ICICI Bank on Tuesday said it has classified loans to the temporarily grounded Jet Airways as bad loans in the March quarter. However, the lender clarified it had made sufficient provisions against the same. The bank has further classified the exposure of ₹276 crore towards IL&FS as bad loans and made provision of ₹146 crore against the same.'}, {'Title': 'Have enough funds to meet current, future capex needs: ONGC', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "State-owned ONGC on Tuesday said it continues to have a strong financial position and sufficient funds to meet current and future capital expenditure needs. This comes after the company's reports revealed its cash reserves eroded 98% to ₹167.4 crore in 1.5 years. ONGC recently acquired the government's 51.1% stake in Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) for ₹36,915 crore."}, {'Title': "India's oil imports from Iran plunged 57% in April: Report", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "India's oil imports from Iran fell about 57% year-on-year in April, according to data seen by Reuters. India, Iran's top oil client after China, shipped in about 277,600 barrels per day (bpd) of oil from the OPEC member in April. The country was allowed to load Iranian oil till April under a six-month waiver from sanctions imposed by the US."}, {'Title': 'P&G renames Merck as Procter & Gamble Health', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Global personal healthcare firm Procter & Gamble (P&G) on Tuesday announced it has renamed India-listed pharmaceutical firm Merck as Procter & Gamble Health. This follows the completion of P&G's global acquisition of the consumer health business of Germany-based Merck KGaA in December 2018. Procter & Gamble Health will be part of P&G's personal healthcare business unit led by Uta Kemmerich-Keil."}, {'Title': 'Bharti Airtel profit rises 30% to ₹107 cr in fourth quarter', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Telecom major Bharti Airtel on Monday posted a nearly 30% year-on-year rise in profit at ₹107 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. The Sunil Mittal-led company's profit was boosted by an exceptional gain worth ₹2,022 crore during the quarter. The company's revenue during the quarter stood at ₹20,656 crore, a 6% rise from the year-ago period."}, {'Title': "Found no merit in taking Jet Airways' Boeing 777s: Air India", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Air India has decided not to pursue its plan to take five Boeing 777s from Jet Airways. "The engineering unit has done their work around the B777s and found no merit in taking them," an airline official said. The national carrier\'s proposal to take the aircraft was earlier discussed between Air India Chairman Ashwani Lohani and SBI Chairman Rajnish Kumar.'}, {'Title': 'CBDT claims 19% rise in ITR e-filing, denies reports of dip', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has refuted media reports which claimed that income tax e-filings dropped by more than 6.6 lakh in FY19. It further said the figures for ITRs e-filed during FY19 are "not directly comparable" with those in FY18. It also clarified that the total number of ITRs e-filed increased by nearly 19% in FY19.'}, {'Title': 'India, US to engage regularly to resolve trade issues', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'The government has said India and the US will "engage regularly" to resolve outstanding trade issues after Commerce Minister Suresh Prabhu met US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross on Monday. The two countries have been engaged in disputes over tariffs and price caps on imported US medical devices. Ross earlier said he planned to hold discussions on India\'s new e-commerce rules.'}, {'Title': 'MasterCard to invest ₹7,000 crore in India in next 5 years', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Global card payments major MasterCard has said it will invest $1 billion (₹7,000 crore) in India in the next five years. India will also become the first country outside the US to have a global technology node for the company's platforms, it added. The move would enable MasterCard's processing, authentication, tokenisation and all other services to have an India presence."}, {'Title': 'L&T buys Mindtree shares worth ₹113 crore via open market', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Infrastructure major Larsen & Toubro (L&T) on Monday bought shares of Mindtree worth about ₹113 crore through open market transactions. It purchased over 11.52 lakh shares, or 0.75% stake, with the average price being ₹979.94 per share. L&T had last week purchased around 20% stake of VG Siddhartha and Coffee Day in Mindtree through block deal for about ₹3,210 crore.'}, {'Title': 'Fan asks Unadkat to join academy to learn how to bowl, he responds', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'RR pacer Jaydev Unadkat took to Twitter to respond to a cricket fan, who asked him to enrol into an academy and learn how to bowl. "Yes boss...already enrolled into one and will forever be enrolled, till the time I keep playing this game passionately. Because learning never stops....Hope you guys learnt something from hurling abuses to me," he wrote.'}, {'Title': "Bhogle clarifies after mistakenly snubbing Hardik Pandya's handshake", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Commentator Harsha Bhogle took to Twitter to clarify after mistakenly snubbing MI all-rounder Hardik Pandya\'s handshake during post-match presentation on Sunday. "Was good to chat with Hardik at post-game presentation. I find him very easy to talk to. I had to turn to camera at the end and completely missed his handshake. Hope it didn\'t look too odd!" he wrote.'}, {'Title': 'Rayudu, Shankar end IPL 2019 league stage with identical numbers', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "In a coincidence, Chennai Super Kings batsman Ambati Rayudu and SunRisers Hyderabad all-rounder Vijay Shankar ended IPL 2019 league stage with identical batting statistics. Both the players scored 219 runs in 14 matches. Notably, Shankar was included in India's squad for the upcoming World Cup as a number four batting probable instead of Rayudu."}, {'Title': 'What should Dhoni do if he wins toss? IIT asks students in exam', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'The ICC took to Twitter to share a picture of a question paper of IIT Madras, wherein it was asked what should CSK captain MS Dhoni do if he wins the toss in IPL Qualifier. The question included multiple references to dew factor and humidity. "Shout out to Professor Vignesh...for making exams relevant to important, real-life issues!" ICC wrote.'}, {'Title': 'Umpire Nigel Llong damages door by kicking it after spat with Kohli', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Umpire Nigel Llong damaged the door to umpires\' room at Bengaluru\'s Chinnaswamy Stadium by kicking it after a spat with Virat Kohli and Umesh Yadav over a no-ball call during RCB-SRH match on Saturday. Llong wrongly declared a no-ball despite Umesh Yadav not overstepping and said, "My call" when confronted. He paid ₹5,000 to KSCA officials for damaging the door.'}, {'Title': 'What are the matchups for the IPL 2019 playoffs?', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings finished as top two teams on the IPL 2019 points table and will play the Qualifier 1 on Tuesday. The winner will reach the final while the loser will play the winner of the Eliminator between Delhi Capitals and SunRisers Hyderabad. The winner of the Qualifier 2 will qualify for the final.'}, {'Title': "Mandhana's Trailblazers beat Harmanpreet's Supernovas on last ball", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Smriti Mandhana-led Trailblazers defeated Harmanpreet Kaur-led Supernovas on the last ball of the first match of Women's T20 Challenge in Jaipur on Monday. Requiring 19 runs off the last over, Supernovas' captain Harmanpreet Kaur slammed four boundaries off the first five deliveries before Lea Tahuhu got run-out off the last ball. Trailblazers will next face Velocity on Wednesday."}, {'Title': 'She was asleep when I hit 50: Rohit on dedicating knock to daughter', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'MI captain Rohit Sharma dedicated his fifty against KKR on Sunday to his daughter Samaira after celebrating it by rocking his bat in his arms. "My daughter has been coming here every day to watch me play, but I didn\'t get lot of runs earlier. It was nice to get some runs today, but she was sleeping!" he later said.'}, {'Title': 'MS Dhoni votes in Ranchi, shares video of Ziva urging people to vote', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'A day after featuring in the Chennai Super Kings-Kings XI Punjab IPL 2019 match in Punjab\'s Mohali, former India captain MS Dhoni cast his vote along with his family in Jharkhand\'s Ranchi. The 37-year-old later shared a video of his daughter Ziva urging Indian citizens to vote, saying, "Go and vote just like Mumma and Papa did."'}, {'Title': 'SRH 1st team to reach IPL playoffs with 12 points as MI beat KKR', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Mumbai Indians defeated Kolkata Knight Riders by nine wickets on Sunday to finish the league stage of an IPL edition on top of the points table for the third time. With the defeat, Kolkata Knight Riders got eliminated from IPL 2019, while SunRisers Hyderabad became the first ever team to advance to playoffs in an IPL edition with 12 points. '}, {'Title': 'Feminists can say what they want: Afridi on no cricket for daughters', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi, in his book, said that he has given permission to his four daughters to play any sport as long as they are indoors. "Cricket is not for my girls," he added. "The feminists can say what they want; as a conservative Pakistani father, I have made my decision," he further said.'}, {'Title': 'Transformed England favourites to win 2019 World Cup: Gavaskar', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Former India captain Sunil Gavaskar has said that England are the favourites to win the 2019 World Cup, which will take place in England and Wales from May 30 to July 14. "Simply because of the way they are playing cricket, the complete turnaround in their cricketing attitude and approach after their disastrous 2015 World Cup," he added.'}, {'Title': 'Afridi may be 36, 37 years old, but he is 16 mentally: Gambhir', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Cricketer-turned-politician Gautam Gambhir has said ex-Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi may be 36, 37 years old but he is 16 mentally. Further, reacting to Afridi\'s remarks that he doesn\'t have any great records, Gambhir said, "My records are in open. People will decide what I\'ve done for India." Earlier, Gambhir had said he would take Afridi to a psychiatrist in India.'}, {'Title': 'Destroy them like suicide bombers: Afridi on orders for India matches', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Talking about India-Pakistan rivalry in his book, former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi said that their orders for India matches were simple: "Go and destroy them, almost like a suicide bomber does. Let nothing remain unresolved, untried or undecided." "We used to take on everyone, pick a fight (a panga) with anyone who got in the way," he further said.'}, {'Title': "Indian publishers made me an old man, I wasn't born in 1975: Afridi", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Ex-Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi has blamed Indian publishers of his book 'Game Changer' for confusion in his age, saying they made him an old man and that he wasn't born in 1975. Afridi added the publishers realised their mistake and the e-copies of the book have his real age. The book's co-author WS Khan added Afridi was born in 1977. "}, {'Title': "Windies record ODI cricket's first-ever 350+ run opening stand", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Windies' John Campbell and Shai Hope recorded ODI cricket history's first-ever 350-plus run opening stand after sharing 365 runs for the first wicket against Ireland on Sunday. The previous highest opening stand in ODI cricket of 304 runs was recorded by Pakistan's Fakhar Zaman and Imam-ul-Haq against Zimbabwe last year. Overall, it was ODI cricket's second-highest partnership for any wicket."}, {'Title': "BCCI responsible for the situation: Sachin on 'conflict of interest'", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Sachin Tendulkar has rejected BCCI\'s observation that his alleged conflict of interest falls under "tractable category", saying the board is "responsible for the current situation". Sachin requested BCCI Ethics Officer to call CoA chief and BCCI CEO to "clarify their position". Sachin added it was unfortunate he had to clarify questions regarding his role as CAC member and MI mentor.'}, {'Title': 'We picked Ishant based on his tremendous Test form: Kaif', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Delhi Capitals' assistant coach Mohammad Kaif said that pacer Ishant Sharma has been a 'big' factor in the side's success this year and that he was picked based on his 'tremendous' Test form for India. Sharma had gone unsold last season after having managed to pick a total of seven wickets in his last four IPL seasons."}, {'Title': 'Kedar Jadhav likely to miss remainder of IPL 2019', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Chennai Super Kings all-rounder Kedar Jadhav is likely to miss the rest of the IPL 2019 due to a shoulder injury he picked up in the side\'s match against Kings XI Punjab. "He’s getting an X-Ray and a scan tomorrow, so we’re hopeful for him. I don’t think we’ll see him again in this tournament," CSK coach Stephen Fleming said.'}, {'Title': '11yrs, hell of a journey: Ramsey cries on Arsenal farewell', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey, who spent eleven years at the London-based club broke down at his farewell, saying, "It\'s been hell of a journey, 11 years of my life, so much of happened in that." Ramsey, who scored 64 goals for Arsenal and will join Juventus, was given a guard of honour by his teammates after the match against Brighton.'}, {'Title': 'Diaz scores brace for Real Madrid in win vs Villarreal', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Mariano Diaz scored a brace in Real Madrid's 3-2 win over Villarreal in the La Liga on Sunday. The match also witnessed Jesus Vallejo score his first goal for Real Madrid, who were playing without Karim Benzema. Real Madrid have now registered five wins in a row at their home stadium."}, {'Title': 'Chelsea reach third spot with win over Watford', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Chelsea reached the third spot in the Premier League table after beating Watford 3-0 at the Stamford Bridge on Sunday. The win came after goals from Ruben Loftus-Cheek, David Luiz, and Gonzalo Higuain, with assists for the first two goals coming from Eden Hazard. Chelsea are a place and point above Tottenham Hotspur.'}, {'Title': "There’s a way back for everyone: Vaughan post Hales' WC snub", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'After England opener Alex Hales was dropped from the World Cup squad for failing drug test twice, ex-England captain Michael Vaughan said it will be a long road back for Hales especially as a person. "I believe there\'s a way back for everyone...He needs good people around him to get his life back on track," he added.'}, {'Title': "Ex-Pak captain Younis rejects PCB's offer to coach U-19 team", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Former Pakistan captain Younis Khan has rejected the offer to coach Pakistan\'s U-19 team. Khan, the only Pakistan batsman to score 10,000-plus Test runs, reportedly wanted the dual role of head coach and chief selector of U-19 side, which PCB declined citing \'conflict of interest\'. "The idea was to have a high-profile cricketer work with the juniors," an official said.'}, {'Title': 'OnePlus confirms HDR10+ display for OnePlus 7 Pro ahead of launch', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'OnePlus has revealed the OnePlus 7 Pro will feature HDR10+ display, which makes the screen compatible with high resolution content from streaming services like Youtube and Netflix. HDR10+ technology produces 4000 nits of peak brightness, an increase of about 3000 nits compared to HDR10. It also delivers frame-by-frame adjustments for better representation of contrast from the HDR source content.'}, {'Title': "People give 5-stars to Delhi 'Mountain of Garbage' on Google Maps", 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Several people are locating East Delhi\'s Ghazipur\'s \'Mountain of Garbage\' on Google Maps and leaving 5-star reviews, bringing its average rating to 4.1 stars. In 2018, the landfill stood at a height of 65 metres, eight metres less than the Qutub Minar. "This place has a beautiful aroma which you can only find here," one of the sarcastic reviews read.'}, {'Title': 'Ex-Googler reveals how they plotted to kill Internet Explorer', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'A former Google employee has revealed how a group of engineers plotted to kill Internet Explorer 6 in 2009. YouTube started displaying a banner to IE6 users, warning that support for Microsoft\'s browser would be "phasing out" soon. "Within one month, 10% of global IE6 traffic had dropped off... while all other browsers increased in corresponding amounts," Chris Zacharias said.'}, {'Title': 'US farming startup starts selling vegetables grown by robot', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Iron Ox has said it has started selling lettuce and basil grown by its robots at a nearby California-based store. The startup, which launched last October, said robot farms can be located nearer to customers and save transportation cost because of their smaller physical footprint. Iron Ox uses AI-powered robot arms to tend crops, however, seeds are sown by humans.'}, {'Title': 'Buffett & I just sat sucking our thumbs: Munger on not buying Google', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Berkshire Hathaway Vice Chairman Charlie Munger said not buying Google shares was one of his and Warren Buffett\'s biggest regrets. Munger said he and Buffett saw how great search engine optimization was used in a Berkshire company and "we just sat there sucking our thumbs". "I feel like a horse\'s ass for not identifying Google earlier...We screwed up," Munger added.'}, {'Title': 'Flipkart co-founders backed startup 3D prints human cornea tissue', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Bengaluru-based biotech startup Pandorum Technologies, the first Indian company to 3D print human liver tissue, has bio-engineered human cornea tissue to enable scarless healing of corneal wounds. Pandorum was founded in 2011 by IISc researchers Arun Chandru and Dr Tuhin Bhowmick. Its investors include Flipkart co-founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal and Hero Group's Sunil Munjal among others."}, {'Title': 'Facebook bans breast cancer fundraising ads over nudity, criticised', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Facebook was criticised after it banned Breast Cancer Network Australia\'s fundraising ads featuring topless cancer survivors covering themselves with baked goods, citing nudity rules. Facebook said it rejected the ads because they didn\'t contain messages like educating people about the disease. "It\'s not nudity...it\'s a reality for so many...I will never be ashamed of my scars," said a survivor.'}, {'Title': 'E-mail warning Tesla employees from leaking data leaked', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Tesla's security team warned staff against leaking sensitive information in an e-mail, leaked to CNBC. It read that outsiders, who would do anything to see Tesla fail, were targeting staff via social media and other methods to gain information. Employees were reminded of confidentiality agreements and warned that leaking proprietary business information will result in action against them."}, {'Title': "Indian students' team comes 2nd at Microsoft competition", 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Manav Rachna Institute of Research and Studies, Faridabad students' team placed second at Microsoft's 2019 Imagine Cup World Championship. It created a smart automated anti-pollution and drug delivery mask named Caeli, specifically designed for asthmatic and chronic respiratory patients. A US team that created cloud-powered, non-invasive blood glucose monitoring method for diabetic patients, won. "}, {'Title': 'Microsoft unveils its own blockchain service', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Microsoft has unveiled its own fully-managed blockchain service Azure Blockchain Service that allows for consortium blockchain networks' formation, management and governance. Unrelated to cryptocurrency, it'll let businesses build applications on top of blockchain technology. Microsoft partnered with JP Morgan to make Ethereum-based open source blockchain platform Quorum its first support ledger."}, {'Title': 'IBM-backed project makes WiFi network for natural disasters', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Project OWL, which won IBM-hosted Call for Code competition last year, has created a network of WiFi-enabled IoT devices in rubber casings to help connect victims with first responders during natural disasters. In March, they tested their devices in Puerto Rico. They hope to get their network ready in small capacity for hurricane season in America's East Coast, beginning July."}, {'Title': 'Uber bars Co-founder Kalanick from NYSE opening bell ceremony: NYT', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Uber is barring Co-founder Travis Kalanick from the opening bell ceremony at NYSE on May 10, the day Uber shares are set to begin trading, the New York Times reported. The 42-year-old resigned as the ride-hailing company's CEO in 2017 following pressure from investors. Kalanick, a current board member, remains one of the biggest Uber shareholders with an 8.6% stake."}, {'Title': 'Failed sapphire glass supplier for iPhone charged with fraud', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'GT Advanced Technologies and its ex-CEO Thomas Gutierrez were charged with misleading investors about the company\'s ability to supply "sapphire glass" for Apple\'s iPhones and misclassifying over $300 million-debt to Apple. In 2013, Apple agreed to give GT $578 million in four instalments for sapphire glass that met certain standards. In 2014, GT filed for bankruptcy and later exited it.'}, {'Title': 'Bitcoin is like a seashell, not an investment: Warren Buffett', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett, while talking about Bitcoin said, "It doesn\'t do anything. It just sits there. It\'s like a seashell or something, and that is not an investment to me." Buffett also called Bitcoin a "gambling device", which has many frauds connected with it. However, he acknowledged that blockchain technology holds promise, adding that it didn\'t need Bitcoin.'}, {'Title': 'Apple features Warren Buffett in its 1st game since 2008', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Apple has featured the world's fourth-richest person, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett, in its first game since 2008. Apple released the 'Warren Buffett's Paper Wizard' game after CEO Tim Cook had recently jokingly suggested it in a short film in Berkshire Hathaway's annual meeting. Notably, Warren Buffett had worked as a paper delivery boy when he was 13 years old."}, {'Title': 'FB to focus on AI startups for its India Accelerator Program', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Facebook has announced it has opened applications for the second edition of the 'India Innovation Accelerator' programme, which will focus especially on startups leveraging Artificial Intelligence (AI). The program runs in partnership with Hyderabad-based startup accelerator T-Hub. The call for application to participate in the program closes on June 2, 2019, the social media giant added."}, {'Title': 'Google testing shopping links under YouTube videos: Report', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Google is testing a new feature to include shopping links to products under videos and also display recommended products and their prices on its video-sharing platform YouTube, The Information reported. Clicking on links reportedly takes users to Google Express shopping service, which is presently available in the US. Google is also reportedly planning to rebrand the service to Google Shopping.'}, {'Title': 'Unsure on Galaxy Fold shipping, will cancel US pre-orders: Samsung', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Samsung on Tuesday said it cannot confirm the shipping dates for its $1,980 foldable device Galaxy Fold. It further apologised to US customers who had pre-booked the device, adding that their orders will automatically be cancelled if the device doesn't ship by May 31, unless informed otherwise. Samsung had delayed Fold after several issues with its screen were reported."}, {'Title': 'US Air Force successfully shoots missiles with laser in test', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "The US Air Force in a test has successfully shot down air-launched missiles in flight with a ground-based laser system. Called the Self-Protect High Energy Laser Demonstrator (SHiELD), it's intended to eventually be mounted on an aircraft. In 2017, the US Air Force Research Lab awarded Lockheed Martin $26.3 million for design, development and production of high power fibre laser."}, {'Title': 'Inaccurate, unfair: Xiaomi on reported Q1 phone shipment figures', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'China\'s Xiaomi has released a statement disputing the estimated smartphone shipment numbers for the first quarter of 2019 mentioned in media reports quoting "certain market research institutions". Calling the information "inaccurate" and "unfair", Xiaomi said it shipped over 27.5 million smartphones globally in the period. Market research firm IDC had pegged it at 25 million units.'}, {'Title': "260 workers in Hyderabad analysed users' FB posts since 2014: Report", 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Over the past year, up to 260 Facebook contract workers in Hyderabad analysed millions of Facebook photos, status updates and other content posted since 2014, Reuters reported. The team labels both publicly and privately shared posts to help Facebook develop new features. The posts are reportedly categorised as per five "dimensions" including subject of the post, occasion and author\'s intention.'}, {'Title': 'Facebook fact-checkers to review Instagram posts in test', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Photo and video-sharing platform Instagram said it will test-use fact-checking partners contracted by its parent firm Facebook. Instagram said the posts that are deemed false won't be removed, but they won't appear in the Explore tab or in the hashtag result pages. It added it is also considering adding pop-ups that appear when people search for misinformation, like anti-vaccine content."}, {'Title': 'Apple overstated iPhone battery life, claims UK consumer group', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Apple overstated its iPhones' battery life, UK consumer advocacy group 'Which?' said after conducting its own tests on nine iPhone models, all falling short of time claims. The iPhone XR battery lasted over 16 hours, while Apple claimed it would last 51% more at 25 hours, Which? found. As per the group, Nokia, Samsung and Sony underestimated their talk time."}, {'Title': 'Microsoft unveils new platform to make elections more secure', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Microsoft has unveiled a free open-source software development kit, 'ElectionGuard', which can be incorporated into voting systems, aimed at making voting more secure. It enables end-to-end election verification, opens results to third-party organisations for validation, and lets voters confirm their votes were correctly counted. It'll be ready for testing during the 2020 elections in the US."}, {'Title': 'No crime in Huawei leak: UK police after defence secy sacked', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "The British police has said the leak of information from UK's National Security Council that recently led to defence secretary Gavin Williamson's firing didn't constitute a crime, and declined to investigate the matter. The leak claimed that China's Huawei had been allowed to develop UK's 5G network. Williamson denied leaking discussions and had sought police investigation to clear his name.\n\n"}, {'Title': 'GoT makers admit Starbucks cup in episode was a mistake', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'The Twitter account of \'Game of Thrones\' has tweeted that the Starbucks coffee cup that appeared on the latest episode was a "mistake". Bernie Caulfield, the show\'s executive producer said in an interview, "I can\'t believe (it). Our onset prop people...are so on it a 1,000 percent." "We\'re sorry! Westeros was the first place to actually have Starbucks," Bernie joked.'}, {'Title': "Why are you here, don't you have job? Kashyap to media outside clinic", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'A video of director Anurag Kashyap has surfaced online, showing him asking the media outside a doctor\'s clinic, "Why are you here? Don\'t you have a job?" He added, "Yeh koi kaam hai? Look at yourself in the mirror." A photographer posted the video and wrote, "A humble request to Anurag Kashyap on not guiding us on our jobs."'}, {'Title': "False rape charge can ruin a man's life: Pooja defends Karan Oberoi", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Pooja Bedi has defended actor Karan Oberoi, who has been accused of raping a female astrologer and said, "A false charge can ruin a man\'s life." "Karan...is one of the...most decent [person]," she added. "I am a huge supporter of women\'s right but we also have to stand up for men\'s rights," Pooja further said. '}, {'Title': 'Lady Gaga changes 4 outfits in front of photographers at Met Gala', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Singer Lady Gaga changed four different outfits and stripped down in front of photographers at Met Gala 2019 red carpet. She walked in a fuchsia pink gown by Brandon Maxwell, changed to a black gown and a hot pink body fitted gown, before finally stripping down to just black lingerie. She reportedly also wore diamond jewellery worth nearly $2 million.'}, {'Title': 'Fans claim spotting Starbucks cup in GoT episode, share pic', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Many Twitter users have claimed they spotted a Starbucks coffee cup in the latest episode of \'Game of Thrones\'. "Starbucks has opened up a branch in #Winterfell," a user commented. "Before a long day of conquering Westeros and defeating Cersei, Dany needs a morning Starbucks," read another comment. Users also joked the makers missed it because of the dark lighting.'}, {'Title': "It'll be dignified: Mental Hai Kya makers on clash with Super 30", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Issuing a clarification on their decision to postpone their film\'s release, the makers of upcoming Kangana Ranaut starrer \'Mental Hai Kya\' wrote, "We\'ve...been advised to shift the release...purely for business prospects." Addressing the clash in release dates with Hrithik Roshan\'s \'Super 30\', they further said, "[W]e did everything in our purview...to ensure... it will be a dignified release."'}, {'Title': "Got drunk once & told Vicky that I'll sleep in the garden: Taapsee", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Taapsee Pannu, during her appearance on \'BFFs With Vogue\', revealed that she and actor Vicky Kaushal got drunk during the wrap-up party of their film \'Manmarziyaan\' and added, "We were lying in the garden. I was like, \'This is where I will sleep tonight\'." "I had to say \'Main jaa raha hoon\' to convince her to leave," Vicky added.'}, {'Title': 'Will tell kids how I met their father: Priyanka on pic with Nick', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Ahead of Met Gala 2019, Priyanka Chopra shared on Instagram story a picture of herself with husband Nick Jonas from the 2017 Met Gala. "The story I\'ll definitely tell our future kids...How I MET your father," she wrote. Priyanka and Nick, who weren\'t dating each other at that time, had made their first public appearance together at Met Gala 2017.'}, {'Title': 'Jackie Shroff once borrowed ₹5 from me to give to a beggar: Archana', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Archana Puran Singh revealed on \'The Kapil Sharma Show\' that Jackie Shroff once borrowed ₹5 from her to give to a beggar. "This is when we were struggling...Jaggu Dada was the kind of person who\'d never let anyone asking for alms go...empty-handed," she added. Archana revealed this during an episode where Jackie\'s son Tiger had come as a guest.'}, {'Title': 'Hollywood actor wears half-tuxedo, half-dress at Met Gala 2019', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Hollywood actor Michael Urie wore a half-tuxedo and half-dress outfit by American designer Christian Siriano at the Met Gala 2019 red carpet. He also sported two different make-up looks, with one side of his face featuring a bearded look and another side showing a feminine look. Other celebrities who attended the event included Kim Kardashian, Cardi B and Priyanka Chopra.'}, {'Title': 'I do not know much about Balakot airstrikes: Sunny Deol', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actor Sunny Deol, the Bharatiya Janata Party\'s candidate from Punjab\'s Gurdaspur constituency in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections, has said he "does not know much" about the Balakot airstrikes. "I am here to serve people, if I win maybe I will have an opinion, right now I don\'t have one," he added. '}, {'Title': 'Stop objectifying women: Divya to troll commenting on her body parts', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Divya Dutta responded to an Instagram troll who commented on her photo, "Big t*ts." "Yes man!! Big t*ts!! So?? Shut up. N stop being obsessed n objectifying women...there\'s so much more to a woman," she wrote. Speaking about the incident, Divya said, "Respecting women and treating them right is something that needs to be taught at home and school." '}, {'Title': "Nick compares his Met Gala look to GoT's Littlefinger, shares pic", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'American singer Nick Jonas took to Instagram to share a collage comparing his look from the 2019 Met Gala to the character of Lord Petyr Baelish, also known as Littlefinger from \'Game Of Thrones\'. "Sansa...We must protect the vale," Nick captioned the image. Sansa\'s character in the television show is played by Nick\'s sister-in-law Sophie Turner. '}, {'Title': "Yami Gautam joins cast of Ayushmann and Bhumi starrer 'Bala'", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Yami Gautam has joined the cast of the upcoming Ayushmann Khurrana and Bhumi Pednekar starrer \'Bala\'. "I\'m excited to be working on [the film]. It\'s a great script, and a relevant concept and an amazing team working on it," Yami said. Directed by Amar Kaushik, shooting for the film commenced this week.'}, {'Title': 'Arjun Kapoor backs homemade food delivery startup FoodCloud', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Bollywood actor Arjun Kapoor has co-invested an undisclosed amount in homemade food delivery startup FoodCloud that aims to empower women. "My aim...is to contribute towards a larger societal purpose...of empowering the homemakers to contribute towards their family income," the 33-year-old actor said. Delhi-based FoodCloud was founded by Sanjhi Rajgarhia, Shamit Khemka and Vedant Kanoi.'}, {'Title': 'Working on SOTY 2 was like being stripped of my powers: Tiger', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Speaking about his upcoming film \'Student Of The Year 2\', Tiger Shroff said that it was very different from the action films he usually stars in. "Working on this one was like being stripped...of my powers," he added. "[T]he film has humanised me. [My character is] a normal college going boy, he is not a one-man army," Tiger further said. '}, {'Title': 'In photos: Red carpet looks from Met Gala 2019', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Kendall Jenner and Kylie Jenner were seen wearing coordinated feathered gowns by Versace on the 2019 Met Gala red carpet. While Kim Kardashian wore a latex Thierry Mugler dress with beading that looked like water droplets, Katy Perry was seen in a chandelier costume by Moschino. Ezra Miller, who was dressed in Burberry, had five eyes painted on his face. '}, {'Title': 'Deepika Padukone, Priyanka-Nick attend Met Gala 2019', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Priyanka Chopra and her husband American singer Nick Jonas, as well as actress Deepika Padukone were seen walking the carpet at the 2019 Met Gala in New York. The theme of this year's event was 'Camp: Notes on Fashion'. While Priyanka and Nick wore outfits by Dior, Deepika was seen in a pink strapless gown by Zac Posen. "}, {'Title': "Deepika to star opposite Salman in 'Kick' sequel: Reports", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Actress Deepika Padukone will star opposite Salman Khan in the upcoming sequel to the 2014 film 'Kick', as per reports. The film's producer Sajid Nadiadwala is working on developing Deepika's role in the forthcoming film, reports further suggested. The first installation of the film series saw actress Jacqueline Fernandez in a lead role with Salman. "}, {'Title': 'Akshay donates ₹1 crore to Odisha cyclone victims: Reports', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Akshay Kumar donated ₹1 crore to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund for the victims of Cyclone Fani in Odisha, as per reports. Over 34 people were killed in the cyclone, which hit the Odisha coast on May 3. Several actors including Abhishek Bachchan and Madhuri Dixit took to social media to urge people to donate towards relief efforts in Odisha. "}, {'Title': 'Film body urges Godrej to make Raj Kapoor museum at RK Studio site', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Indian Film and Television Directors' Association (IFTDA) issued a statement urging Godrej Properties to build a museum to honour late actor Raj Kapoor on the site of RK Studio in Mumbai. This comes after Godrej Properties announced that it had acquired the studio, which was founded by Kapoor in 1948. The studio will soon be converted into a residential complex. "}, {'Title': 'Hollywood actress Amy Schumer gives birth to a baby boy', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Hollywood actress and comedienne Amy Schumer took to Instagram on Monday to announce the birth of her first child, a baby boy. Sharing a picture with her husband chef Chris Fischer and her newborn son, the actress wrote, "10:55 pm last night. Our royal baby was born." Schumer and Fischer tied the knot in 2018. '}, {'Title': "Ranveer to stay with Kapil Dev in Delhi to prepare for '83: Reports", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "To prepare for his role as former Indian cricket team captain Kapil Dev in the upcoming film '83, Ranveer Singh will reportedly live with the former cricketer for 10 days in Delhi. The actor will train with Kapil Dev before going to London for the film's shooting. The film is based on India's first victory at the Cricket World Cup. "}, {'Title': 'Jared Leto carries replica of his own head on Met Gala red carpet', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Hollywood actor Jared Leto was seen carrying a prosthetic replica of his own head as an accessory on the 2019 Met Gala red carpet. The actor wore a red high-neck gown with shoulder pads and a jewel-encrusted body chain by luxury fashion house Gucci. Gucci's Fall/Winter 2018 runway show saw models walking the ramp with similar prosthetic heads as accessories. "}, {'Title': "4th richest man Buffett says Tesla can't sell insurance, Musk responds", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'After world\'s fourth-richest person Warren Buffett claimed carmaker Tesla cannot sell insurance, Tesla\'s CEO Elon Musk responded with a series of tweets on Sunday. In his first tweet, Musk urged users to buy Tesla Model 3, claiming it\'s cheaper than a Honda Accord. "Also 1000 times more fun!" and "That\'s a direct quote from Warren Buffett," his next tweets read.'}, {'Title': 'Guj trader, who gifted cars to staff, to remove illegal road he built', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Gujarat-based diamond trader Savji Dholakia, who's known for gifting cars to his employees, has said he'll remove a 'kutcha' road built by him across the dry Narmada river to reach his farmhouse. This comes after government officials visited the spot on learning about the illegal structure. Meanwhile, Dholakia said his only intention was to enable people to reach the island."}, {'Title': "I'll never hesitate to fly on 737 MAX: Buffett on crashes killing 346", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'World\'s fourth-richest person, Warren Buffett, has said that he will "never hesitate even for a second to fly on a Boeing 737 MAX plane" which was involved in two crashes that claimed the lives of 346 people. He was responding to a question about damage to Boeing\'s reputation after the crashes. "Planes have never been so safe," Buffett added.'}, {'Title': 'AI sent ₹2cr to Nigeria instead of US firm, airline says probe on', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Air India's New York office transferred $300,000 (₹2 crore) to a bank account in Nigeria instead of remitting the sum to a US-based firm for supplying spare parts reportedly in 2017. The airline had failed to retrieve the amount from the account, reports claimed. Meanwhile, the airline's spokesperson claimed it was a case of cyber fraud and is being investigated."}, {'Title': "We can't ensure cheaper oil sales to India after Iran sanctions: US", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross on Monday said that his country cannot ensure the sale of oil to India at cheaper rates to compensate for the loss of Iranian oil. "Oil is owned by private people, so the government cannot force people to make concessionary prices," Ross said. The latest US sanctions barred India from importing oil from Iran.'}, {'Title': "Britannia broke rules by not reporting Wadia's arrest: InGovern", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Proxy advisory firm InGovern has alleged that Britannia Industries violated listing regulations by not reporting the arrest of its promoter and director Ness Wadia. It added that Wadia must step down in the interest of larger corporate governance. Wadia received a two-year suspended prison term for possessing drugs during a skiing holiday in March in Japan. '}, {'Title': "SpaceX's billionaire moon tourist says has no money, selling art", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Japanese billionaire Yusaku Maezawa, who was chosen as SpaceX\'s first private passenger to fly around the moon, said he plans to sell paintings worth millions of dollars. "Yes, I have no money. I spend it so quickly," he tweeted when asked about his finances. Maezawa, online fashion retailer Zozo\'s Founder, had made a large down payment for the moon flight.'}, {'Title': 'IndiGo talking to Airbus to buy yet-to-be-released A321 XLR jets', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'IndiGo is in talks with Airbus to add new planes including its long-distance A321neo LR and the yet-to-be-released A321 XLR. "When we order, we\'ll order in bulk for sure. I can\'t give you a tentative number, but it\'ll be large," CEO Ronojoy Dutta said. "We\'d like to be one of the biggest, largest, profitable airlines in the world," he added.'}, {'Title': 'Infosys makes Hyd staff pay for parking, activists call it illegal', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Activists in Hyderabad have claimed that Infosys deducting parking charges from employees' salary is illegal. Infosys charges ₹500 for four-wheelers and ₹250 for two-wheelers per month to park on the campus located in the Pocharam Special Economic Zone in city's outskirts. The management reportedly responded to employee complaints by saying the fee was being collected to maintain the parking lot."}, {'Title': 'Unsure on Galaxy Fold shipping, will cancel US pre-orders: Samsung', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Samsung on Tuesday said it cannot confirm the shipping dates for its $1,980 foldable device Galaxy Fold. It further apologised to US customers who had pre-booked the device, adding that their orders will automatically be cancelled if the device doesn't ship by May 31, unless informed otherwise. Samsung had delayed Fold after several issues with its screen were reported."}, {'Title': 'Apple features Warren Buffett in its 1st game since 2008', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Apple has featured the world's fourth-richest person, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett, in its first game since 2008. Apple released the 'Warren Buffett's Paper Wizard' game after CEO Tim Cook had recently jokingly suggested it in a short film in Berkshire Hathaway's annual meeting. Notably, Warren Buffett had worked as a paper delivery boy when he was 13 years old."}, {'Title': 'EaseMyTrip plans to raise up to ₹750 crore via IPO: Report', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Online travel website EaseMyTrip has reportedly engaged Axis Capital and JM Financial as merchant bankers for its proposed IPO, through which it plans to raise between ₹500 crore-₹750 crore. The final call on the issue size is yet to be taken, the report added. Founded in 2008, EaseMyTrip may reportedly become the first online travel aggregator to list in India.'}, {'Title': 'Infibeam terminates EY affiliated auditor citing data breach', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "E-commerce conglomerate Infibeam Avenues' board recommended terminating services of its auditor SRBC & Co, affiliated to Ernst & Young. Infibeam alleged that the auditor had shared its Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) with personal email accounts of their team and third party multiple times. However, the auditor refuted all allegations and said it is open to regulatory inspection."}, {'Title': 'PepsiCo India withdraws lawsuit against two Gujarat farmers', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'PepsiCo India withdrew its lawsuit against two farmers at Gujarat\'s Deesa on Monday, nearly a month after they were filed. The maker of Lay\'s chips had sued the brothers, over "issues around its seed protection" and sought ₹20 lakh in damages. Notably, the farmers are on the board of a Deesa-based potato chips company, Tirupati Balaji Chips Potato.'}, {'Title': 'US-China trade war would be bad for the whole world: Buffett', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'World\'s fourth-richest person Warren Buffett on Monday said a trade war between the US and China would be "bad for the whole world". His statement comes after US President Donald Trump tweeted that he will raise tariffs on $200 billion worth Chinese imports. Major stock markets fell worldwide following this, which Buffett said was a "rational" response to Trump\'s tweet.'}, {'Title': 'ICICI Bank classifies loans to Jet Airways as bad loans in Q4', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'ICICI Bank on Tuesday said it has classified loans to the temporarily grounded Jet Airways as bad loans in the March quarter. However, the lender clarified it had made sufficient provisions against the same. The bank has further classified the exposure of ₹276 crore towards IL&FS as bad loans and made provision of ₹146 crore against the same.'}, {'Title': 'Have enough funds to meet current, future capex needs: ONGC', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "State-owned ONGC on Tuesday said it continues to have a strong financial position and sufficient funds to meet current and future capital expenditure needs. This comes after the company's reports revealed its cash reserves eroded 98% to ₹167.4 crore in 1.5 years. ONGC recently acquired the government's 51.1% stake in Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) for ₹36,915 crore."}, {'Title': "India's oil imports from Iran plunged 57% in April: Report", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "India's oil imports from Iran fell about 57% year-on-year in April, according to data seen by Reuters. India, Iran's top oil client after China, shipped in about 277,600 barrels per day (bpd) of oil from the OPEC member in April. The country was allowed to load Iranian oil till April under a six-month waiver from sanctions imposed by the US."}, {'Title': 'P&G renames Merck as Procter & Gamble Health', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Global personal healthcare firm Procter & Gamble (P&G) on Tuesday announced it has renamed India-listed pharmaceutical firm Merck as Procter & Gamble Health. This follows the completion of P&G's global acquisition of the consumer health business of Germany-based Merck KGaA in December 2018. Procter & Gamble Health will be part of P&G's personal healthcare business unit led by Uta Kemmerich-Keil."}, {'Title': 'Bharti Airtel profit rises 30% to ₹107 cr in fourth quarter', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Telecom major Bharti Airtel on Monday posted a nearly 30% year-on-year rise in profit at ₹107 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. The Sunil Mittal-led company's profit was boosted by an exceptional gain worth ₹2,022 crore during the quarter. The company's revenue during the quarter stood at ₹20,656 crore, a 6% rise from the year-ago period."}, {'Title': "Found no merit in taking Jet Airways' Boeing 777s: Air India", 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Air India has decided not to pursue its plan to take five Boeing 777s from Jet Airways. "The engineering unit has done their work around the B777s and found no merit in taking them," an airline official said. The national carrier\'s proposal to take the aircraft was earlier discussed between Air India Chairman Ashwani Lohani and SBI Chairman Rajnish Kumar.'}, {'Title': 'CBDT claims 19% rise in ITR e-filing, denies reports of dip', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has refuted media reports which claimed that income tax e-filings dropped by more than 6.6 lakh in FY19. It further said the figures for ITRs e-filed during FY19 are "not directly comparable" with those in FY18. It also clarified that the total number of ITRs e-filed increased by nearly 19% in FY19.'}, {'Title': 'India, US to engage regularly to resolve trade issues', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'The government has said India and the US will "engage regularly" to resolve outstanding trade issues after Commerce Minister Suresh Prabhu met US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross on Monday. The two countries have been engaged in disputes over tariffs and price caps on imported US medical devices. Ross earlier said he planned to hold discussions on India\'s new e-commerce rules.'}, {'Title': 'MasterCard to invest ₹7,000 crore in India in next 5 years', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': "Global card payments major MasterCard has said it will invest $1 billion (₹7,000 crore) in India in the next five years. India will also become the first country outside the US to have a global technology node for the company's platforms, it added. The move would enable MasterCard's processing, authentication, tokenisation and all other services to have an India presence."}, {'Title': 'L&T buys Mindtree shares worth ₹113 crore via open market', 'Category': 'business', 'Content': 'Infrastructure major Larsen & Toubro (L&T) on Monday bought shares of Mindtree worth about ₹113 crore through open market transactions. It purchased over 11.52 lakh shares, or 0.75% stake, with the average price being ₹979.94 per share. L&T had last week purchased around 20% stake of VG Siddhartha and Coffee Day in Mindtree through block deal for about ₹3,210 crore.'}, {'Title': 'Fan asks Unadkat to join academy to learn how to bowl, he responds', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'RR pacer Jaydev Unadkat took to Twitter to respond to a cricket fan, who asked him to enrol into an academy and learn how to bowl. "Yes boss...already enrolled into one and will forever be enrolled, till the time I keep playing this game passionately. Because learning never stops....Hope you guys learnt something from hurling abuses to me," he wrote.'}, {'Title': "Bhogle clarifies after mistakenly snubbing Hardik Pandya's handshake", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Commentator Harsha Bhogle took to Twitter to clarify after mistakenly snubbing MI all-rounder Hardik Pandya\'s handshake during post-match presentation on Sunday. "Was good to chat with Hardik at post-game presentation. I find him very easy to talk to. I had to turn to camera at the end and completely missed his handshake. Hope it didn\'t look too odd!" he wrote.'}, {'Title': 'Rayudu, Shankar end IPL 2019 league stage with identical numbers', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "In a coincidence, Chennai Super Kings batsman Ambati Rayudu and SunRisers Hyderabad all-rounder Vijay Shankar ended IPL 2019 league stage with identical batting statistics. Both the players scored 219 runs in 14 matches. Notably, Shankar was included in India's squad for the upcoming World Cup as a number four batting probable instead of Rayudu."}, {'Title': 'What should Dhoni do if he wins toss? IIT asks students in exam', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'The ICC took to Twitter to share a picture of a question paper of IIT Madras, wherein it was asked what should CSK captain MS Dhoni do if he wins the toss in IPL Qualifier. The question included multiple references to dew factor and humidity. "Shout out to Professor Vignesh...for making exams relevant to important, real-life issues!" ICC wrote.'}, {'Title': 'Umpire Nigel Llong damages door by kicking it after spat with Kohli', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Umpire Nigel Llong damaged the door to umpires\' room at Bengaluru\'s Chinnaswamy Stadium by kicking it after a spat with Virat Kohli and Umesh Yadav over a no-ball call during RCB-SRH match on Saturday. Llong wrongly declared a no-ball despite Umesh Yadav not overstepping and said, "My call" when confronted. He paid ₹5,000 to KSCA officials for damaging the door.'}, {'Title': 'What are the matchups for the IPL 2019 playoffs?', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings finished as top two teams on the IPL 2019 points table and will play the Qualifier 1 on Tuesday. The winner will reach the final while the loser will play the winner of the Eliminator between Delhi Capitals and SunRisers Hyderabad. The winner of the Qualifier 2 will qualify for the final.'}, {'Title': "Mandhana's Trailblazers beat Harmanpreet's Supernovas on last ball", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Smriti Mandhana-led Trailblazers defeated Harmanpreet Kaur-led Supernovas on the last ball of the first match of Women's T20 Challenge in Jaipur on Monday. Requiring 19 runs off the last over, Supernovas' captain Harmanpreet Kaur slammed four boundaries off the first five deliveries before Lea Tahuhu got run-out off the last ball. Trailblazers will next face Velocity on Wednesday."}, {'Title': 'She was asleep when I hit 50: Rohit on dedicating knock to daughter', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'MI captain Rohit Sharma dedicated his fifty against KKR on Sunday to his daughter Samaira after celebrating it by rocking his bat in his arms. "My daughter has been coming here every day to watch me play, but I didn\'t get lot of runs earlier. It was nice to get some runs today, but she was sleeping!" he later said.'}, {'Title': 'MS Dhoni votes in Ranchi, shares video of Ziva urging people to vote', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'A day after featuring in the Chennai Super Kings-Kings XI Punjab IPL 2019 match in Punjab\'s Mohali, former India captain MS Dhoni cast his vote along with his family in Jharkhand\'s Ranchi. The 37-year-old later shared a video of his daughter Ziva urging Indian citizens to vote, saying, "Go and vote just like Mumma and Papa did."'}, {'Title': 'SRH 1st team to reach IPL playoffs with 12 points as MI beat KKR', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Mumbai Indians defeated Kolkata Knight Riders by nine wickets on Sunday to finish the league stage of an IPL edition on top of the points table for the third time. With the defeat, Kolkata Knight Riders got eliminated from IPL 2019, while SunRisers Hyderabad became the first ever team to advance to playoffs in an IPL edition with 12 points. '}, {'Title': 'Feminists can say what they want: Afridi on no cricket for daughters', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi, in his book, said that he has given permission to his four daughters to play any sport as long as they are indoors. "Cricket is not for my girls," he added. "The feminists can say what they want; as a conservative Pakistani father, I have made my decision," he further said.'}, {'Title': 'Transformed England favourites to win 2019 World Cup: Gavaskar', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Former India captain Sunil Gavaskar has said that England are the favourites to win the 2019 World Cup, which will take place in England and Wales from May 30 to July 14. "Simply because of the way they are playing cricket, the complete turnaround in their cricketing attitude and approach after their disastrous 2015 World Cup," he added.'}, {'Title': 'Afridi may be 36, 37 years old, but he is 16 mentally: Gambhir', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Cricketer-turned-politician Gautam Gambhir has said ex-Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi may be 36, 37 years old but he is 16 mentally. Further, reacting to Afridi\'s remarks that he doesn\'t have any great records, Gambhir said, "My records are in open. People will decide what I\'ve done for India." Earlier, Gambhir had said he would take Afridi to a psychiatrist in India.'}, {'Title': 'Destroy them like suicide bombers: Afridi on orders for India matches', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Talking about India-Pakistan rivalry in his book, former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi said that their orders for India matches were simple: "Go and destroy them, almost like a suicide bomber does. Let nothing remain unresolved, untried or undecided." "We used to take on everyone, pick a fight (a panga) with anyone who got in the way," he further said.'}, {'Title': "Indian publishers made me an old man, I wasn't born in 1975: Afridi", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Ex-Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi has blamed Indian publishers of his book 'Game Changer' for confusion in his age, saying they made him an old man and that he wasn't born in 1975. Afridi added the publishers realised their mistake and the e-copies of the book have his real age. The book's co-author WS Khan added Afridi was born in 1977. "}, {'Title': "Windies record ODI cricket's first-ever 350+ run opening stand", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Windies' John Campbell and Shai Hope recorded ODI cricket history's first-ever 350-plus run opening stand after sharing 365 runs for the first wicket against Ireland on Sunday. The previous highest opening stand in ODI cricket of 304 runs was recorded by Pakistan's Fakhar Zaman and Imam-ul-Haq against Zimbabwe last year. Overall, it was ODI cricket's second-highest partnership for any wicket."}, {'Title': "BCCI responsible for the situation: Sachin on 'conflict of interest'", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Sachin Tendulkar has rejected BCCI\'s observation that his alleged conflict of interest falls under "tractable category", saying the board is "responsible for the current situation". Sachin requested BCCI Ethics Officer to call CoA chief and BCCI CEO to "clarify their position". Sachin added it was unfortunate he had to clarify questions regarding his role as CAC member and MI mentor.'}, {'Title': 'We picked Ishant based on his tremendous Test form: Kaif', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Delhi Capitals' assistant coach Mohammad Kaif said that pacer Ishant Sharma has been a 'big' factor in the side's success this year and that he was picked based on his 'tremendous' Test form for India. Sharma had gone unsold last season after having managed to pick a total of seven wickets in his last four IPL seasons."}, {'Title': 'Kedar Jadhav likely to miss remainder of IPL 2019', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Chennai Super Kings all-rounder Kedar Jadhav is likely to miss the rest of the IPL 2019 due to a shoulder injury he picked up in the side\'s match against Kings XI Punjab. "He’s getting an X-Ray and a scan tomorrow, so we’re hopeful for him. I don’t think we’ll see him again in this tournament," CSK coach Stephen Fleming said.'}, {'Title': '11yrs, hell of a journey: Ramsey cries on Arsenal farewell', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey, who spent eleven years at the London-based club broke down at his farewell, saying, "It\'s been hell of a journey, 11 years of my life, so much of happened in that." Ramsey, who scored 64 goals for Arsenal and will join Juventus, was given a guard of honour by his teammates after the match against Brighton.'}, {'Title': 'Diaz scores brace for Real Madrid in win vs Villarreal', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': "Mariano Diaz scored a brace in Real Madrid's 3-2 win over Villarreal in the La Liga on Sunday. The match also witnessed Jesus Vallejo score his first goal for Real Madrid, who were playing without Karim Benzema. Real Madrid have now registered five wins in a row at their home stadium."}, {'Title': 'Chelsea reach third spot with win over Watford', 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Chelsea reached the third spot in the Premier League table after beating Watford 3-0 at the Stamford Bridge on Sunday. The win came after goals from Ruben Loftus-Cheek, David Luiz, and Gonzalo Higuain, with assists for the first two goals coming from Eden Hazard. Chelsea are a place and point above Tottenham Hotspur.'}, {'Title': "There’s a way back for everyone: Vaughan post Hales' WC snub", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'After England opener Alex Hales was dropped from the World Cup squad for failing drug test twice, ex-England captain Michael Vaughan said it will be a long road back for Hales especially as a person. "I believe there\'s a way back for everyone...He needs good people around him to get his life back on track," he added.'}, {'Title': "Ex-Pak captain Younis rejects PCB's offer to coach U-19 team", 'Category': 'sports', 'Content': 'Former Pakistan captain Younis Khan has rejected the offer to coach Pakistan\'s U-19 team. Khan, the only Pakistan batsman to score 10,000-plus Test runs, reportedly wanted the dual role of head coach and chief selector of U-19 side, which PCB declined citing \'conflict of interest\'. "The idea was to have a high-profile cricketer work with the juniors," an official said.'}, {'Title': 'OnePlus confirms HDR10+ display for OnePlus 7 Pro ahead of launch', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'OnePlus has revealed the OnePlus 7 Pro will feature HDR10+ display, which makes the screen compatible with high resolution content from streaming services like Youtube and Netflix. HDR10+ technology produces 4000 nits of peak brightness, an increase of about 3000 nits compared to HDR10. It also delivers frame-by-frame adjustments for better representation of contrast from the HDR source content.'}, {'Title': "People give 5-stars to Delhi 'Mountain of Garbage' on Google Maps", 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Several people are locating East Delhi\'s Ghazipur\'s \'Mountain of Garbage\' on Google Maps and leaving 5-star reviews, bringing its average rating to 4.1 stars. In 2018, the landfill stood at a height of 65 metres, eight metres less than the Qutub Minar. "This place has a beautiful aroma which you can only find here," one of the sarcastic reviews read.'}, {'Title': 'Ex-Googler reveals how they plotted to kill Internet Explorer', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'A former Google employee has revealed how a group of engineers plotted to kill Internet Explorer 6 in 2009. YouTube started displaying a banner to IE6 users, warning that support for Microsoft\'s browser would be "phasing out" soon. "Within one month, 10% of global IE6 traffic had dropped off... while all other browsers increased in corresponding amounts," Chris Zacharias said.'}, {'Title': 'US farming startup starts selling vegetables grown by robot', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Iron Ox has said it has started selling lettuce and basil grown by its robots at a nearby California-based store. The startup, which launched last October, said robot farms can be located nearer to customers and save transportation cost because of their smaller physical footprint. Iron Ox uses AI-powered robot arms to tend crops, however, seeds are sown by humans.'}, {'Title': 'Buffett & I just sat sucking our thumbs: Munger on not buying Google', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Berkshire Hathaway Vice Chairman Charlie Munger said not buying Google shares was one of his and Warren Buffett\'s biggest regrets. Munger said he and Buffett saw how great search engine optimization was used in a Berkshire company and "we just sat there sucking our thumbs". "I feel like a horse\'s ass for not identifying Google earlier...We screwed up," Munger added.'}, {'Title': 'Flipkart co-founders backed startup 3D prints human cornea tissue', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Bengaluru-based biotech startup Pandorum Technologies, the first Indian company to 3D print human liver tissue, has bio-engineered human cornea tissue to enable scarless healing of corneal wounds. Pandorum was founded in 2011 by IISc researchers Arun Chandru and Dr Tuhin Bhowmick. Its investors include Flipkart co-founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal and Hero Group's Sunil Munjal among others."}, {'Title': 'Facebook bans breast cancer fundraising ads over nudity, criticised', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Facebook was criticised after it banned Breast Cancer Network Australia\'s fundraising ads featuring topless cancer survivors covering themselves with baked goods, citing nudity rules. Facebook said it rejected the ads because they didn\'t contain messages like educating people about the disease. "It\'s not nudity...it\'s a reality for so many...I will never be ashamed of my scars," said a survivor.'}, {'Title': 'E-mail warning Tesla employees from leaking data leaked', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Tesla's security team warned staff against leaking sensitive information in an e-mail, leaked to CNBC. It read that outsiders, who would do anything to see Tesla fail, were targeting staff via social media and other methods to gain information. Employees were reminded of confidentiality agreements and warned that leaking proprietary business information will result in action against them."}, {'Title': "Indian students' team comes 2nd at Microsoft competition", 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Manav Rachna Institute of Research and Studies, Faridabad students' team placed second at Microsoft's 2019 Imagine Cup World Championship. It created a smart automated anti-pollution and drug delivery mask named Caeli, specifically designed for asthmatic and chronic respiratory patients. A US team that created cloud-powered, non-invasive blood glucose monitoring method for diabetic patients, won. "}, {'Title': 'Microsoft unveils its own blockchain service', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Microsoft has unveiled its own fully-managed blockchain service Azure Blockchain Service that allows for consortium blockchain networks' formation, management and governance. Unrelated to cryptocurrency, it'll let businesses build applications on top of blockchain technology. Microsoft partnered with JP Morgan to make Ethereum-based open source blockchain platform Quorum its first support ledger."}, {'Title': 'IBM-backed project makes WiFi network for natural disasters', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Project OWL, which won IBM-hosted Call for Code competition last year, has created a network of WiFi-enabled IoT devices in rubber casings to help connect victims with first responders during natural disasters. In March, they tested their devices in Puerto Rico. They hope to get their network ready in small capacity for hurricane season in America's East Coast, beginning July."}, {'Title': 'Uber bars Co-founder Kalanick from NYSE opening bell ceremony: NYT', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Uber is barring Co-founder Travis Kalanick from the opening bell ceremony at NYSE on May 10, the day Uber shares are set to begin trading, the New York Times reported. The 42-year-old resigned as the ride-hailing company's CEO in 2017 following pressure from investors. Kalanick, a current board member, remains one of the biggest Uber shareholders with an 8.6% stake."}, {'Title': 'Failed sapphire glass supplier for iPhone charged with fraud', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'GT Advanced Technologies and its ex-CEO Thomas Gutierrez were charged with misleading investors about the company\'s ability to supply "sapphire glass" for Apple\'s iPhones and misclassifying over $300 million-debt to Apple. In 2013, Apple agreed to give GT $578 million in four instalments for sapphire glass that met certain standards. In 2014, GT filed for bankruptcy and later exited it.'}, {'Title': 'Bitcoin is like a seashell, not an investment: Warren Buffett', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett, while talking about Bitcoin said, "It doesn\'t do anything. It just sits there. It\'s like a seashell or something, and that is not an investment to me." Buffett also called Bitcoin a "gambling device", which has many frauds connected with it. However, he acknowledged that blockchain technology holds promise, adding that it didn\'t need Bitcoin.'}, {'Title': 'Apple features Warren Buffett in its 1st game since 2008', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Apple has featured the world's fourth-richest person, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett, in its first game since 2008. Apple released the 'Warren Buffett's Paper Wizard' game after CEO Tim Cook had recently jokingly suggested it in a short film in Berkshire Hathaway's annual meeting. Notably, Warren Buffett had worked as a paper delivery boy when he was 13 years old."}, {'Title': 'FB to focus on AI startups for its India Accelerator Program', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Facebook has announced it has opened applications for the second edition of the 'India Innovation Accelerator' programme, which will focus especially on startups leveraging Artificial Intelligence (AI). The program runs in partnership with Hyderabad-based startup accelerator T-Hub. The call for application to participate in the program closes on June 2, 2019, the social media giant added."}, {'Title': 'Google testing shopping links under YouTube videos: Report', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Google is testing a new feature to include shopping links to products under videos and also display recommended products and their prices on its video-sharing platform YouTube, The Information reported. Clicking on links reportedly takes users to Google Express shopping service, which is presently available in the US. Google is also reportedly planning to rebrand the service to Google Shopping.'}, {'Title': 'Unsure on Galaxy Fold shipping, will cancel US pre-orders: Samsung', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Samsung on Tuesday said it cannot confirm the shipping dates for its $1,980 foldable device Galaxy Fold. It further apologised to US customers who had pre-booked the device, adding that their orders will automatically be cancelled if the device doesn't ship by May 31, unless informed otherwise. Samsung had delayed Fold after several issues with its screen were reported."}, {'Title': 'US Air Force successfully shoots missiles with laser in test', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "The US Air Force in a test has successfully shot down air-launched missiles in flight with a ground-based laser system. Called the Self-Protect High Energy Laser Demonstrator (SHiELD), it's intended to eventually be mounted on an aircraft. In 2017, the US Air Force Research Lab awarded Lockheed Martin $26.3 million for design, development and production of high power fibre laser."}, {'Title': 'Inaccurate, unfair: Xiaomi on reported Q1 phone shipment figures', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'China\'s Xiaomi has released a statement disputing the estimated smartphone shipment numbers for the first quarter of 2019 mentioned in media reports quoting "certain market research institutions". Calling the information "inaccurate" and "unfair", Xiaomi said it shipped over 27.5 million smartphones globally in the period. Market research firm IDC had pegged it at 25 million units.'}, {'Title': "260 workers in Hyderabad analysed users' FB posts since 2014: Report", 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': 'Over the past year, up to 260 Facebook contract workers in Hyderabad analysed millions of Facebook photos, status updates and other content posted since 2014, Reuters reported. The team labels both publicly and privately shared posts to help Facebook develop new features. The posts are reportedly categorised as per five "dimensions" including subject of the post, occasion and author\'s intention.'}, {'Title': 'Facebook fact-checkers to review Instagram posts in test', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Photo and video-sharing platform Instagram said it will test-use fact-checking partners contracted by its parent firm Facebook. Instagram said the posts that are deemed false won't be removed, but they won't appear in the Explore tab or in the hashtag result pages. It added it is also considering adding pop-ups that appear when people search for misinformation, like anti-vaccine content."}, {'Title': 'Apple overstated iPhone battery life, claims UK consumer group', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Apple overstated its iPhones' battery life, UK consumer advocacy group 'Which?' said after conducting its own tests on nine iPhone models, all falling short of time claims. The iPhone XR battery lasted over 16 hours, while Apple claimed it would last 51% more at 25 hours, Which? found. As per the group, Nokia, Samsung and Sony underestimated their talk time."}, {'Title': 'Microsoft unveils new platform to make elections more secure', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "Microsoft has unveiled a free open-source software development kit, 'ElectionGuard', which can be incorporated into voting systems, aimed at making voting more secure. It enables end-to-end election verification, opens results to third-party organisations for validation, and lets voters confirm their votes were correctly counted. It'll be ready for testing during the 2020 elections in the US."}, {'Title': 'No crime in Huawei leak: UK police after defence secy sacked', 'Category': 'technology', 'Content': "The British police has said the leak of information from UK's National Security Council that recently led to defence secretary Gavin Williamson's firing didn't constitute a crime, and declined to investigate the matter. The leak claimed that China's Huawei had been allowed to develop UK's 5G network. Williamson denied leaking discussions and had sought police investigation to clear his name.\n\n"}, {'Title': 'GoT makers admit Starbucks cup in episode was a mistake', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'The Twitter account of \'Game of Thrones\' has tweeted that the Starbucks coffee cup that appeared on the latest episode was a "mistake". Bernie Caulfield, the show\'s executive producer said in an interview, "I can\'t believe (it). Our onset prop people...are so on it a 1,000 percent." "We\'re sorry! Westeros was the first place to actually have Starbucks," Bernie joked.'}, {'Title': "Why are you here, don't you have job? Kashyap to media outside clinic", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'A video of director Anurag Kashyap has surfaced online, showing him asking the media outside a doctor\'s clinic, "Why are you here? Don\'t you have a job?" He added, "Yeh koi kaam hai? Look at yourself in the mirror." A photographer posted the video and wrote, "A humble request to Anurag Kashyap on not guiding us on our jobs."'}, {'Title': "False rape charge can ruin a man's life: Pooja defends Karan Oberoi", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Pooja Bedi has defended actor Karan Oberoi, who has been accused of raping a female astrologer and said, "A false charge can ruin a man\'s life." "Karan...is one of the...most decent [person]," she added. "I am a huge supporter of women\'s right but we also have to stand up for men\'s rights," Pooja further said. '}, {'Title': 'Lady Gaga changes 4 outfits in front of photographers at Met Gala', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Singer Lady Gaga changed four different outfits and stripped down in front of photographers at Met Gala 2019 red carpet. She walked in a fuchsia pink gown by Brandon Maxwell, changed to a black gown and a hot pink body fitted gown, before finally stripping down to just black lingerie. She reportedly also wore diamond jewellery worth nearly $2 million.'}, {'Title': 'Fans claim spotting Starbucks cup in GoT episode, share pic', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Many Twitter users have claimed they spotted a Starbucks coffee cup in the latest episode of \'Game of Thrones\'. "Starbucks has opened up a branch in #Winterfell," a user commented. "Before a long day of conquering Westeros and defeating Cersei, Dany needs a morning Starbucks," read another comment. Users also joked the makers missed it because of the dark lighting.'}, {'Title': "It'll be dignified: Mental Hai Kya makers on clash with Super 30", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Issuing a clarification on their decision to postpone their film\'s release, the makers of upcoming Kangana Ranaut starrer \'Mental Hai Kya\' wrote, "We\'ve...been advised to shift the release...purely for business prospects." Addressing the clash in release dates with Hrithik Roshan\'s \'Super 30\', they further said, "[W]e did everything in our purview...to ensure... it will be a dignified release."'}, {'Title': "Got drunk once & told Vicky that I'll sleep in the garden: Taapsee", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Taapsee Pannu, during her appearance on \'BFFs With Vogue\', revealed that she and actor Vicky Kaushal got drunk during the wrap-up party of their film \'Manmarziyaan\' and added, "We were lying in the garden. I was like, \'This is where I will sleep tonight\'." "I had to say \'Main jaa raha hoon\' to convince her to leave," Vicky added.'}, {'Title': 'Will tell kids how I met their father: Priyanka on pic with Nick', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Ahead of Met Gala 2019, Priyanka Chopra shared on Instagram story a picture of herself with husband Nick Jonas from the 2017 Met Gala. "The story I\'ll definitely tell our future kids...How I MET your father," she wrote. Priyanka and Nick, who weren\'t dating each other at that time, had made their first public appearance together at Met Gala 2017.'}, {'Title': 'Jackie Shroff once borrowed ₹5 from me to give to a beggar: Archana', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Archana Puran Singh revealed on \'The Kapil Sharma Show\' that Jackie Shroff once borrowed ₹5 from her to give to a beggar. "This is when we were struggling...Jaggu Dada was the kind of person who\'d never let anyone asking for alms go...empty-handed," she added. Archana revealed this during an episode where Jackie\'s son Tiger had come as a guest.'}, {'Title': 'Hollywood actor wears half-tuxedo, half-dress at Met Gala 2019', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Hollywood actor Michael Urie wore a half-tuxedo and half-dress outfit by American designer Christian Siriano at the Met Gala 2019 red carpet. He also sported two different make-up looks, with one side of his face featuring a bearded look and another side showing a feminine look. Other celebrities who attended the event included Kim Kardashian, Cardi B and Priyanka Chopra.'}, {'Title': 'I do not know much about Balakot airstrikes: Sunny Deol', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actor Sunny Deol, the Bharatiya Janata Party\'s candidate from Punjab\'s Gurdaspur constituency in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections, has said he "does not know much" about the Balakot airstrikes. "I am here to serve people, if I win maybe I will have an opinion, right now I don\'t have one," he added. '}, {'Title': 'Stop objectifying women: Divya to troll commenting on her body parts', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Divya Dutta responded to an Instagram troll who commented on her photo, "Big t*ts." "Yes man!! Big t*ts!! So?? Shut up. N stop being obsessed n objectifying women...there\'s so much more to a woman," she wrote. Speaking about the incident, Divya said, "Respecting women and treating them right is something that needs to be taught at home and school." '}, {'Title': "Nick compares his Met Gala look to GoT's Littlefinger, shares pic", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'American singer Nick Jonas took to Instagram to share a collage comparing his look from the 2019 Met Gala to the character of Lord Petyr Baelish, also known as Littlefinger from \'Game Of Thrones\'. "Sansa...We must protect the vale," Nick captioned the image. Sansa\'s character in the television show is played by Nick\'s sister-in-law Sophie Turner. '}, {'Title': "Yami Gautam joins cast of Ayushmann and Bhumi starrer 'Bala'", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Actress Yami Gautam has joined the cast of the upcoming Ayushmann Khurrana and Bhumi Pednekar starrer \'Bala\'. "I\'m excited to be working on [the film]. It\'s a great script, and a relevant concept and an amazing team working on it," Yami said. Directed by Amar Kaushik, shooting for the film commenced this week.'}, {'Title': 'Arjun Kapoor backs homemade food delivery startup FoodCloud', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Bollywood actor Arjun Kapoor has co-invested an undisclosed amount in homemade food delivery startup FoodCloud that aims to empower women. "My aim...is to contribute towards a larger societal purpose...of empowering the homemakers to contribute towards their family income," the 33-year-old actor said. Delhi-based FoodCloud was founded by Sanjhi Rajgarhia, Shamit Khemka and Vedant Kanoi.'}, {'Title': 'Working on SOTY 2 was like being stripped of my powers: Tiger', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Speaking about his upcoming film \'Student Of The Year 2\', Tiger Shroff said that it was very different from the action films he usually stars in. "Working on this one was like being stripped...of my powers," he added. "[T]he film has humanised me. [My character is] a normal college going boy, he is not a one-man army," Tiger further said. '}, {'Title': 'In photos: Red carpet looks from Met Gala 2019', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Kendall Jenner and Kylie Jenner were seen wearing coordinated feathered gowns by Versace on the 2019 Met Gala red carpet. While Kim Kardashian wore a latex Thierry Mugler dress with beading that looked like water droplets, Katy Perry was seen in a chandelier costume by Moschino. Ezra Miller, who was dressed in Burberry, had five eyes painted on his face. '}, {'Title': 'Deepika Padukone, Priyanka-Nick attend Met Gala 2019', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Priyanka Chopra and her husband American singer Nick Jonas, as well as actress Deepika Padukone were seen walking the carpet at the 2019 Met Gala in New York. The theme of this year's event was 'Camp: Notes on Fashion'. While Priyanka and Nick wore outfits by Dior, Deepika was seen in a pink strapless gown by Zac Posen. "}, {'Title': "Deepika to star opposite Salman in 'Kick' sequel: Reports", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Actress Deepika Padukone will star opposite Salman Khan in the upcoming sequel to the 2014 film 'Kick', as per reports. The film's producer Sajid Nadiadwala is working on developing Deepika's role in the forthcoming film, reports further suggested. The first installation of the film series saw actress Jacqueline Fernandez in a lead role with Salman. "}, {'Title': 'Akshay donates ₹1 crore to Odisha cyclone victims: Reports', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Akshay Kumar donated ₹1 crore to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund for the victims of Cyclone Fani in Odisha, as per reports. Over 34 people were killed in the cyclone, which hit the Odisha coast on May 3. Several actors including Abhishek Bachchan and Madhuri Dixit took to social media to urge people to donate towards relief efforts in Odisha. "}, {'Title': 'Film body urges Godrej to make Raj Kapoor museum at RK Studio site', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Indian Film and Television Directors' Association (IFTDA) issued a statement urging Godrej Properties to build a museum to honour late actor Raj Kapoor on the site of RK Studio in Mumbai. This comes after Godrej Properties announced that it had acquired the studio, which was founded by Kapoor in 1948. The studio will soon be converted into a residential complex. "}, {'Title': 'Hollywood actress Amy Schumer gives birth to a baby boy', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': 'Hollywood actress and comedienne Amy Schumer took to Instagram on Monday to announce the birth of her first child, a baby boy. Sharing a picture with her husband chef Chris Fischer and her newborn son, the actress wrote, "10:55 pm last night. Our royal baby was born." Schumer and Fischer tied the knot in 2018. '}, {'Title': "Ranveer to stay with Kapil Dev in Delhi to prepare for '83: Reports", 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "To prepare for his role as former Indian cricket team captain Kapil Dev in the upcoming film '83, Ranveer Singh will reportedly live with the former cricketer for 10 days in Delhi. The actor will train with Kapil Dev before going to London for the film's shooting. The film is based on India's first victory at the Cricket World Cup. "}, {'Title': 'Jared Leto carries replica of his own head on Met Gala red carpet', 'Category': 'entertainment', 'Content': "Hollywood actor Jared Leto was seen carrying a prosthetic replica of his own head as an accessory on the 2019 Met Gala red carpet. The actor wore a red high-neck gown with shoulder pads and a jewel-encrusted body chain by luxury fashion house Gucci. Gucci's Fall/Winter 2018 runway show saw models walking the ramp with similar prosthetic heads as accessories. "}]